@jairbolsonaro twitterhandle
clapping_hands_e clapping_hands_e
clapping_hands_e clapping_hands_e
clapping_hands_e clapping_hands_e
clapping_hands_e clapping_hands_e
clapping_hands_e clapping_hands_e
clapping_hands_e clapping_hands_e
clapping_hands_e clapping_hands_e
clapping_hands_e clapping_hands_e
clapping_hands_e clapping_hands_e
clapping_hands_e clapping_hands_e
flag_brazil_e flag_brazil_e
flag_brazil_e flag_brazil_e
flag_brazil_e flag_brazil_e
flag_brazil_e flag_brazil_e
flag_brazil_e flag_brazil_e
flag_brazil_e flag_brazil_e
flag_brazil_e flag_brazil_e
flag_brazil_e flag_brazil_e
flag_brazil_e flag_brazil_e
flag_brazil_e flag_brazil_e
flag_brazil_e flag_brazil_e
flag_brazil_e flag_brazil_e
beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes_e beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes_e
Amamos amar
o o
nosso nosso
presidente presidente
Bolsonaro bolsonaro
! !
Iiihuuuuu iiihuuuuu
clapping_hands_e clapping_hands_e
clapping_hands_e clapping_hands_e
clapping_hands_e clapping_hands_e
red_heart_e red_heart_e
red_heart_e red_heart_e
red_heart_e red_heart_e
Deus deus
abençoe abençoar
ilumine iluminar
e e
proteja proteger
sempre sempre
o o
nosso nosso
presidente presidente
e e
a o
nossa nosso
nação nação
folded_hands_e folded_hands_e
Venceremos vencer
em em
nome nome
de de
Jesus jesus
folded_hands_e folded_hands_e
flag_brazil_e flag_brazil_e
red_heart_e red_heart_e
